[bitnami/scdf] General improvements (#5719)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/spring-cloud-dataflow/README.md

- Helm generates/manages certificate secrets based on the parameters.
- User generates/manages certificates separately.
- Helm creates self-signed certificates and generates/manages certificate secrets.
- An additional tool (like [cert-manager](https://github.com/jetstack/cert-manager/)) manages the secrets for the application.
In the first two cases, it's needed a certificate and a key. We would expect them to look like this:
- certificate files should look like (and there can be more than one certificate if there is a certificate chain)
  ```console
  -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
  MIID6TCCAtGgAwIBAgIJAIaCwivkeB5EMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMFYxCzAJBgNV
  ...
  jScrvkiBO65F46KioCL9h5tDvomdU1aqpI/CBzhvZn1c0ZTf87tGQR8NK7v7
  -----END CERTIFICATE-----
  ```
- keys should look like:
  ```console
  -----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
  MIIEogIBAAKCAQEAvLYcyu8f3skuRyUgeeNpeDvYBCDcgq+LsWap6zbX5f8oLqp4
  ...
  wrj2wDbCDCFmfqnSJ+dKI3vFLlEz44sAV8jX/kd4Y6ZTQhlLbYc=
  -----END RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
  ```
- If you are going to use Helm to manage the certificates based on the parameters, please copy these values into the `certificate` and `key` values for a given `server.ingress.secrets` entry.

> - In case you are going to manage TLS secrects separately, please know that you can must a TLS secret with name *INGRESS_HOSTNAME-tls* (where *INGRESS_HOSTNAME* is a placeholder to be replaced with the hostname you set using the `server.ingress.hostname` parameter).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In case you are going to manage TLS secrets separately, please know that you must create a TLS secret with name *INGRESS_HOSTNAME-tls* (where *INGRESS_HOSTNAME* is a placeholder to be replaced with the hostname you set using the `server.ingress.hostname` parameter).
```
